Xerjoff | Alexandria II Anniversary || Alexandria II Anniversary is emblematic of the complexity and triumph of Alexandria and Alexandria II from the Oud Stars collection. A unique creation that honours the conception and significance of the two prestigious perfumes.
Xerjoff | Cruz del Sur II || Cruz del Sur II is inspired by Xerjoff founder Sergio Momo’s travels to the depths of the Amazon rainforest, a true adventure that saw him come face to face with nature at its most awe-inspiring. Cruz del Sur II takes the senses on a breathtaking journey through the jungles of South America, where wildlife has thrived for millennia and the air is heavy with a mystical charm.
Xerjoff | More Than Words || More Than Words imagines a secret society of writers and poets that use the written word to express their boundless creativity, inviting their readers to lose themselves in the story. Like the work of those writers, More Than Words transports you to another time and place, evoking powerful sensations through the wonders of scent.
Xerjoff | Ivory Route || Ivory Route is instilled with the passion and yearning for discovery that all travellers carry in their heart. A perfume that captures the essence of true adventure. The kind where the destination is unknown on departure and the favoured path is the one less travelled. Ivory Route is for those who know that variety is the spice of life.
Xerjoff | 40 Knots || Taking its inspiration from the exclusive yacht club lifestyle, 40 Knots brings you aboard a sailboat gliding across the mesmerising Mediterranean sea. The salty spray in the air, the beauty of the sun’s rays glistening on the turquoise waters and the taste of freedom that comes from the open water — all captured in this highly evocative perfume.
Xerjoff | Dolce Amalfi || Dolce Amalfi interprets the stunning natural beauty and authentic, old world charm of the Amalfi Coast in scent form. Reminiscent of both the elegance of the Belle Époque — when the region was a dramatic destination for writers and artists in search of inspiration — and the indulgence of the 50s and 60s, when it became the pinnacle of luxury, attracting glamorous elites from around the world.
