Tom Ford | Tobacco Chocolat || An amber gourmand fragrance that features the exclusive cocoa smoke™ accord, a co-distillation that melds the scents of rich, addictive cocoa and earthy tobacco with the bright citrus light of orange essence. “Tobacco Chocolat is a fantasy for the senses. Smooth and cognac like, the scent is a blend of precious tobacco and dark chocolate notes, tinged with a honey-like gleam. The fragrance elevates gourmand notes to new heights, offering a sensorial experience that is rich an
Tom Ford | Soleil Neige || Soleil Neige is a ray of solar light—a breath of winter air that conjures sun on fresh alpine snow. Radiant and exhilarating, it captivates with bright citrus, white florals and musk. TOM FORD’s winter world conjures the thrill of a day on the slopes that melts into the celebratory warmth of après-ski.
Tom Ford | Cherry Smoke || Cherry Smoke opens with the exquisite scent of dark cherry, enhanced by exotic saffron notes. The fragrant white flowers of osmanthus exude facets of apricot, olive, and leather—while a precious smoked wood accord tantalizes with heated vibrancy and a simmering, blazing pull.
Tom Ford | Ébène Fumé || Mindfulness meets opulence in Ébène Fumé. The deeply meditative scent celebrates the mystical essence of Palo Santo smoke stoked by the warm elegance of cistus absolute, enticing black pepper absolute, and notes of ebony wood, captured in sleek, sublime notes of leather.
Tom Ford | Oud Minerale || The warmth of oud is spiked with a wave of fresh pink peppercorn as fir balsam and ambergris balance earthy and marine inflections. A surge of smoky woods embraces sensual, skin-gripping musks for a contrasting fusion of elements.
Tom Ford | Rose Prick || A pristine scent, Rose Prick's beauty stems from a wild bouquet of rare blooms inspired by the ones found in a private rose garden. A patchouli note exhales the woody breath of chypre to the floral heart, while the warmth of roasted tonka smolders with notes of caramel and vanilla.
Tom Ford | Oud Voyager || Experience a journey through time where the past, present and future unite ancient oud with a futuristic floral. Oud Voyager is a scent odyssey that premieres the exclusive floral oud tri distillate — a bespoke creation that uniquely crafts enigmatic oud with two stellar florals: geranium and living red peony accord. Fragrance Foundation Awards Winner: Fragrance of the Year - Ultra Luxury “Oud Voyager features a beautiful quality of oud that has a woody, ambery effect, magnif
Tom Ford | Noir Extreme || A rich blend of warm spices and glowing citrus gives way to the scent of tantalizing kulfi and an array of floral notes — rose absolute accord, jasmine accord and orange flower. A woody, amber-drenched impact defines the finish, where a powerful amber dosage is studded with sandalwood and molten vanilla embers. "Noir Extreme captures the daring, opulent side of the Noir man. He knows his desires, his vices, and what brings him pleasure and relishes in the indulgence of it. It
Tom Ford | Costa Azzurra || Costa Azzurra Parfum breathes an air of freshness through crisp lemon, while the dense coastal forest is felt with magnified oakwood extract and cypress. Stunning cistus absolute and harmony of ambers are illuminated—capturing the spirit of private, unfettered luxury.
Tom Ford | Bois Pacifique || Bois Pacifique journeys to a feeling of endless freedom and vitality. Essence of cardamom recalls a sunlit radiance. Brilliant akigalawood™ spotlights the fresh, aromatic spice note of turmeric over a woody-spicy blend that instantly conjures a cool sensuality. One becomes lost in nature’s grandeur as the smooth, careening richness of olibanum essence and orris butter courses through the fragrance. Sandalwood, cedar and oakwood facets comprise the forest of Bois Pacifique – a
Tom Ford | Electric Cherry || ELECTRIC CHERRY merges the lush tartness of Morello cherry notes with exhilarating ginger, while opulent jasmine sambac entices with a mesmerizing aroma. Ambrettolide introduces an alluring musk scent, releasing a warm breath that mingles with spicy pink peppercorn.
Tom Ford | Velvet Orchid || Velvet Orchid lives in Black Orchid’s world of glamorous mystique, while exuding its own ultra-feminine essence. Lavished with shimmering freshness, honey, rum and a dramatic floral veil, a new character emerges: one that pulls, rather than pushes; elegantly refined and polished.
Tom Ford | Mandarino di Amalfi || Mandarino di Amalfi is an invitation into a Mediterranean idyll, where Italian coastal ingredients perfume the evening air. Tonic-like citrus, aromatic herbs, wildflowers and night-blooming flowers create a luminous, textured fragrance that is as blissful as retreating to a whitewashed Amalfi villa.
Tom Ford | White Suede || White Suede is an elegant musk-inspired fragrance capturing the primal essence of these supple, sensual materials, giving them beautiful new dimension with a surprising musk medley heightened with velvety rose and warm amber notes.
Tom Ford | Bitter Peach || Notes of pêche de vigne and blood orange oil release the slick sweetness of Bitter Peach at its luscious peak. A sensual heart is revealed through rum-infused davana oil, while a surge of patchouli lures senses to the furthest reaches of inner sensuality and abandon.
Tom Ford | Myrrhe Mystère || This seductive expression of the mystical resin elevates one of perfumery’s most iconic ingredients with a duo of powerful myrrh essences and an exquisite Ultra-Vanille accord, embodying a timeless richness – unlocking a modern serenity.
