Initio | Oud for Greatness Neo || Oud for Greatness breathes out a force of nature, the wake of Greatness. The natural essence of Oud Wood has been perfected to this pitch, handled with majesty (and brutality) in this bold formula, scarcely highlighted by Patchouli and Musk. Superbly textured, strikingly natural, Oud has been handled by the creator in a register that is astonishingly fresh (Lavender) and spicy (Nutmeg, Saffron). An enchanting, thrilling perfume that makes all our dreams of greatness possible.
Initio | Oud for Happiness || Can a scent make you feel happier ? Oud for Happiness is a portal to modernity. It amplifies the benefits of oud through a puff of freshly-cut narcotic grass, energizing and uninhibited. The composition provides an addictive means of relaxation that stimulates self-confidence. Better than an imaginary paradise, enter into a secret dimension where the experience of deep harmony can be lived
Initio | High Frequency || The combination of Magnolia and Almond, overtly so innocent yet truly sexy, takes you by surprise. Its effect is like a sound wave that starts off gently and then powers up the decibels on the skin. An overdose of hedione detonates the final explosion.
Initio | Addictive Vibration || Unveiling a body of lustful scent in a magma of flesh and fiery blend of Musk and Honey. Addictive Vibration captivates with its heart of Orange Blossom and Vanilla Orchid. The bodies succumb to arousing waves of attraction lingering in their wake, a trail of carnal dependance.
Initio | Magnetic Blend 7 || The superpower of MAGNETIC BLEND 7? Exalting all the others. Wear it alone to express your uniqueness, or layer it with another INITIO creation to enhance every facet of yourself. MAGNETIC BLEND 7 amplifies the captivating power of your skin's natural scent. When worn as a skin scent, it blends seamlessly with your body's chemistry, revealing a magnetic aura uniquely yours. YOUR SCENT, YOUR POWER.
Initio | Mystic Experience || Step into mystery with MYSTIC EXPERIENCE, a fragrance of intensity and intrigue. Mysterious and bold, it exudes a mystical energy where the tangible meets the invisible, awakening attraction and curiosity. Dark Coffee and sensual Musk create a magnetic aura, while warm Vanilla and earthy Patchouli add rich depth. Amber woods weave a hypnotic trail, inviting you to transcend the ordinary. MYSTIC EXPERIENCE is created for those who dare to explore the unknown. All our fragrance
