Memo Paris | Ithaque || Set off for Ithaca, that mythical island in the Ionian Sea, home to the epic tale of Ulysses and Penelope. An island of encounters at the heart of the archipelago, where the strength of cedar, vivacity of bergamot and sweetness of blackcurrant come together as one.
Memo Paris | Palais Bourbon || Palais Bourbon, the Parisian home of the Assemblée Nationale, is made for unprecedented alliances. Behind its majestic pediment, the persuasive vanilla from Madagascar does not wield its power alone; it works with amber and oud as they develop their notes with warmth. Three parties occupy the benches, represented by spices, woods and balsams, and each brings its own touch and character to this olfactory assembly. A fragrance of contrast and cooperation, Palais Bourbon appeals
Memo Paris | French Leather || With its lime and rose essences and its suede accord evoking the inside of a handbag, this scent signs the adventure of a French rose, the one that makes your eyes shine. French Leather is a fragrance that hones the senses and awakens the Parisian spirit in everyone .
Memo Paris | Ocean Leather || With Ocean Leather, Memo decides to leave the mainland to embark on a major destination, an infinitely blue one, the ocean, and sets off in search of a majestic cetacean, a mythical animal that has inspired literature and now the imagination of a perfume. Ocean Leather transports you in its current, its wake and its movement. An oceanic freshness given by Mandarin essence and Elemi essence meets the depths of marine Leather, Vetiver and Cedar essences.
Memo Paris | Madurai || A memory of India, steeped in the rich and airy fragrance of jasmine sambac and the creamier scent of sandalwood, is what guided the composition of Madurai. A fragrance that stirs the senses with vibrant notes of citrus and turmeric, like a colourful market stall.
Memo Paris | Ilha do Mel || An enticing Brazilian island, allowing for all sorts of fantasies. Her name, Ilha do Mel or "Honey Island", immerses the soul in delicious dreams. This honey, which memories of love are made of, sends an urgent message: surrender to desire and lose yourself! It was its enchanting name that led Memo to this destination, a virtually untouched and pure island. Crests of broom absolute roll into noble Iris concrete, blending with voluptuous gardenia and orange blossom absolute...
Memo Paris | Inlé || On Inlé Lake, in the heart of Myanmar, life is lived on the water. The view is unobstructed, sounds ricochet between the water and the sky, and come nightfall, the taste of silence is a rare, almost unknown delicacy. This is an eau de parfum that prolongs the dream of drifting on fragrant waters made of notes of Jasmine, Mate and Osmanthus.
Memo Paris | Corfu || A solar perfume, as vibrant as the Greek sky, leaving on the skin a warm trail, like a memory of a dive in the Ionian Sea. A modern chypre overdosed with musk. Opening with a tart rhubarb, bright bergamot and elegant blackcurrant, the fragrance evolves towards a soft and delicate bouquet of geranium, rose and lily of the valley, leaving on the skin a sophisticated musk facetted with notes of patchouli and moss.
Memo Paris | Argentina || With Argentina, Memo plunges into the heart of a territory, a country, to the rhythm of a dance, a passionate impulse. Argentina is embraced in its entirety, carried away in a single movement; that of a twirling tango. A dance of mixing, of travel, and on the dance floor, corolla shapes appear. Like a rose, emblematic of perfume, queen of flowers and symbol of ardent love. A floral aromatic with a sweet and warm back, wraps you in elegant and delicate way, where rose and oud 
Memo Paris | Kedu || Sesame and grapefruit come together and merge like the landscape that inspired them, the high plain of Kedu. Nestled on the island of Java, at the heart of Indonesia, this land is fertile, luxuriant and volcanic in one. The generosity of nature and the eruptive proximity of the Merapi volcano resound in echo, just like the promise of sesame and the burst of grapefruit answer one another. The same vitality, the same vigorous energy flows from one to the other, giving the compo
Memo Paris | Italian Leather || Italian Leather speaks the Italian of Rome, the one drowsily murmured in the seat of a cabriolet during an impromptu lovers' siesta. It teams the simplicity of green tomato leaf with the sophisticated beauty of leather, myrrh and vanilla absolute. A lucid dream.
